We discovered a wild feral cat and decided to rescue it
The cats going crazy, she's mad Mom
She's trying to force the door open.  lol  Oh my God she's got milk everywhere.
You made her angry, she's mad lets see.
She's trying to open the door
She keeps on scratching and pawing, she's mad Hi guys it's Steve Spell II
We just trapped a Feral Cat
She kept smelling that food
Feral Cat meaning wild animal
This is a wild cat here and we're trying to rescue it
Oh look how cute
We're gonna try to tame it
It's starving to death (meow, meow)
Just a minute, we had to trap the animal
We been feeding him for days
Why don't they have a door for this thing on the front?
That would open the back for you, (MEOW MEOW)
Just a minute baby, that's a good girl, I hope she don't bite me
Ok, of course she's gonna bite you
No she's not, they don't call em feral for nothing
Come on let me get her out of here, I told you she was hungry
and little, she's a little bitty thing.
We had to rescue her or somethings gonna kill her
now I got to put her in something.
What am I gonna get?  Oh I know the kennel
Hi guys it's Steve Spell II and I want to show ya'll the most amazing thing.
Here's the Feral Cat
the feral kitty cat that we caught
2 days ago Hannah has been playing with it
and working with it and she's
able to hold it now
hey Kirstie
Hannah's named this kitty cat Kirstie
(laughter)
FEMALE!
Here kitty kitty, kitty
Whoa don't bite me
and this is her little kennel we got for her its all fixed up nice
complete with Dr Pepper wallpaper
and the whole nine, the Dr Pepper box is actually a little shelter
house where she goes and hides when she's shy
but she doesn't hide anymore because she's not scared
I think we should take it out, well when we first trapped her
she was very wild and scared
so we put that box in there so she could get some security
and now she's very in love with this toy
rattles
she loves to play with this toy
this is a very small baby kitten feral cat
but it's no longer feral (wild)
rattling, she's gonna have fun with this string toy
look at her this baby kitten is so cute!
lol!  laughing did you see the kitty cat pounce?
hold on get this box out of here we don't need it
well give me the Dr Pepper box, just put this in the garbage
oh I'm sorry the Dr Pepper box is gone
so you've named this kitty cat what Kirstie?
Kirstie if you've read the book Number the Stars you would know that there
Kirstie, Ann Marie and
um and other characters, Peter... Um
and there is a couple of other characters but I named her after Kirstie
because she's a lot like Kirstie she's got sassy attitude
she's got litter everywhere but anyway!  LOL (child laughing)
and now the kitty is playing with Hannah she's going to be our pet!
We rescued this kitty cat we had to trap her first
she has a scar hey no biting no biting.
we rescued her
She's got a scar on her leg
don't bite me stop that
Kirstie!  Listen, purring
purring the heck out! She's purring
Awe she's swatting the camera, now she's eating my hand
Purring, alright guys, stop biting me
this feral kitty has turned tame kitten
this is Steve Spell II we got Hannah and
and we got Kirstie,
the Feral Cat, but, but, but what?
we still can't let her out yet because she might
run away, yeah we can't afford that because she may starve to death yeah
and an Alligator could eat her too Hannah we're out here in the swamp.
She's swatting and pawing at everything!
child laughter!
Come on Kirstie!
purring